---
toc: true
layout: post
comments: true
description: My skills and interests from middle to high school
categories: [markdown]
title: Interests and Skills
---

# Middle School Extracurriculars
* I had began participating in robotics starting in elementary school and continued throughout middle school
* I participated in Science Olympiad in 7th grade but didn't really find the motivation to study for the events. This led to me not participating after 7th grade. Occasionally, I wish that I would have put more effort into more Science Olympiad in middle school.

# High School Extracurriculars
* Varsity Tennis: I have played on Del Norte High School's Boys Varsity tennis team since my freshman year and I intend on continuing through my senior year.
* Education in Action: I have participated in the Education in Action club for the past two years. Over these past two years, I have spent in excess of 30 hours tutoring elementary age kids.
* Key Club: I have been a member of Del Norte High School's Key Club ever since my freshman year. During this time, I have spent in excess of 50 hours volunteering for various different causes.
* Robotics: I have been a member of Del Norte High School's robotics team for the past two years. During this time I have had plenty of experience working on robots and have attended regional competitions.
* NHS Member: I have been a member of NHS starting in junior year and intend on continuing through senior year. In NHS I have volunteered for various causes alongside my peers.


# Outside of School Activities
* Coaching tennis
* Volunteering throughout the community
* Youth Tennis San Diego Junior Player Council

# Skills
* Outgoing and good at communicating
* Responsible
* Detail oriented

